as the center column it actually extends higher i would say the only downside of
higher i would say the only downside of
higher i would say the only downside of this tripod is if you want to stand up
this tripod is if you want to stand up
this tripod is if you want to stand up and film it's probably not going to go
and film it's probably not going to go
and film it's probably not going to go as tall as you need it to go however for
as tall as you need it to go however for
as tall as you need it to go however for sitting in a stool or a chair like i am
sitting in a stool or a chair like i am
sitting in a stool or a chair like i am it is perfect for that and so that is
it is perfect for that and so that is
it is perfect for that and so that is the manfrotto compact tripod now when it
the manfrotto compact tripod now when it
the manfrotto compact tripod now when it comes to lighting lighting is really
comes to lighting lighting is really
comes to lighting lighting is really what makes any camera you use whether
what makes any camera you use whether
what makes any camera you use whether it's your smartphone or a super
it's your smartphone or a super
it's your smartphone or a super expensive camera look its best it is
expensive camera look its best it is
expensive camera look its best it is lighting that really brings out the best
lighting that really brings out the best
lighting that really brings out the best of any camera you use and so when it
of any camera you use and so when it
of any camera you use and so when it comes to my key light or the light
comes to my key light or the light
comes to my key light or the light that's lighting my face i am using an
that's lighting my face i am using an
that's lighting my face i am using an amaran 60d with a large lantern so i'm
amaran 60d with a large lantern so i'm
amaran 60d with a large lantern so i'm gonna actually back up swap the angle
gonna actually back up swap the angle
gonna actually back up swap the angle real quick and as you can see this
real quick and as you can see this
real quick and as you can see this little
little
little beast hiding behind here is the amaran
beast hiding behind here is the amaran
beast hiding behind here is the amaran 60d which i actually like this version